`Time` - docs (HDS-4161) (#2557)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/time/index.md

---
title: Time
description: The Time component is used to display dates and time in a consistent format.
caption: Displays dates and times in a consistent format.
related: ['components/text']
links:
  figma: {Link}
  github: https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/components/hds/time
previewImage: assets/illustrations/components/time.jpg
navigation:

>   keywords: ['time']

Reviewer: Should the status be added here with the version we expect this to be released in?

Author: Added, thanks

---
title: Time

> description: The Time component is used to display dates and time in a consistent format.

Reviewer 2: suggestion
```suggestion
description: The Time component displays dates and times in a consistent format.
```

caption: Displays dates and times in a consistent format.

> related: ['components/text']

Reviewer 2: nit: for consistency with other component, related should be placed after links

> related: ['components/text']

Author: ```suggestion
```

links:
  github: https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/components/hds/time

> previewImage: assets/illustrations/components/time.jpg

Author: ```suggestion
related: ['components/text']
previewImage: assets/illustrations/components/time.jpg
```

---
title: Time
description: The Time component is used to display dates and time in a consistent format.
caption: Displays dates and times in a consistent format.

> related: ['components/form/text-input']

Reviewer 3: Suggestion: another related component could be Hds::Text

Author: I'm not sure that Text::Input is related actually myself. Text may be more related though so thanks for the suggestion.

Author: @andgen404 Would it be ok if I remove Text Input and add Text instead as being related? The Time component doesn't allow for any type of input so to me doesn't seem related to the Text Input.

Author: I went ahead and made this update for now. We can change again if needed

links:

>   figma: {Link}

Reviewer 3: Nit: need to add link

Author: @andgen404

Author: Not sure if we have a link as there's no Figma component so we may want to remove

Reviewer: Yep, I'd recommend removing this

Author: Removed, thanks

  github: https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/components/hds/time
previewImage: assets/illustrations/components/time.jpg
navigation:
  keywords: ['time']
---

<section data-tab="Guidelines">
  @include "partials/guidelines/overview.md"
  @include "partials/guidelines/guidelines.md"
</section>

<section data-tab="Code">
  @include "partials/code/how-to-use.md"
  @include "partials/code/component-api.md"
</section>

<section data-tab="Specifications">
  @include "partials/specifications/anatomy.md"
  @include "partials/specifications/states.md"
</section>

> <section data-tab="Accessibility">

Reviewer 3: Should we add a version history to new components? seems like were moving towards all component pages having one, I guess for this one it would just have the version number and say that is when it was released.

Author: We don't seem to have done that previously but I don't know if we should or not.

Any other opinions on whether we should start doing this? @alex-ju @majedelass

Reviewer 2: It seem like we did it for the `AppHeader` https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/blob/main/website/docs/components/app-header/partials/version-history/4.8.0.md#480 – I believe it's worth having it for any type of change (add, update, deprecate)

Author: Added version history with release.
